starts make me listen to dumb
comic book kid
I 'd rather say that the words on the screen are hellish
five minutes and 40 seconds of opening credits
marlon brando unconsciously wrong
uttered the krypton film spends the first
ten minutes closing up the villains for a sequel
they start the real story jarrell
enclose the zod and other respiratory
records he is a scientist or prosecutor
100 all movies mispronounce
krypton you can see the curtain behind
this planetary explosion Jor-El
provides several years of flight
superman to earth teaching lessons
but does not even give him the 1st bar of muesli
or fruit roll know who loves
good super long original story
nobody to zero then it is fun damn
look at the size of the pom-pom flank this
asshole well all things folded and clarke
including the bench but the clerk Alan is not
heard though were five steps away from her
clown superman football clarke runs like
woman
very very fast baba this girl
will be a 30-year-old lois lane in 12 years
Paka 's chair and not repaired not
flat tire truck on which he
found clarke
flake product placement faces to
viewers in this frame and not received
proper attention magically
turns around to buyers in
next frame you can see
the director in the reflection of the revolving door
lacquer gets stuck trying to go to the same
sections that catches and he waits until
the next division in this frame is they
one section putting a gun not
cancels the fact that you're hiding
I guess the secret of the personality of supermen
security
who will believe the pimp and two whores well
someone needs yes it's 70 but the news is about
rescue superman louis and helicopter
for some reason did not get to the police
plot
although there were hundreds of witnesses and
correspondents covering the events are not
speaking other computers
superman heads too big in this
frame she papier-mache
dongle hour well that set the second
pilot because of his indifference like this
hologram works jor-el spent all
time writing down all sorts of answers
to son's questions
dead job ezor as improved
version of Syria but he flew all the way from
subway fingers up to new york where was it
the galaxy is not so where it says that
meteorite brought krypton
how did you know that it was active for
krypton people who told you that
military with important missile delivery decide
Now is the best time to
harassment is possibly dead or
unconsciously eating but she is one of
villains and this 70s probably all okay
absolutely everything in this convoy is running
talk to Lex Luthor
and no one felt the need to guard
or watch for a rocket all the time what
protection of Lex Luthor, the camera switches
superman on close up blew gun
why should he have cameras set to record
It is the military who decide not to recheck
coordinates rocket pass by launching or
gnocchi in xp lex says superman not
can stop 2 rocket flying into
opposite directions and in different
places at the same time and superman seems
agree with heaven what's strange when
Approaching the scene flying around the planet hundreds
time in a couple of minutes let's build
time line
Lex office and it in sabotage Colorado
rocket around from and jimmy hair he
checks for unrelated fraud
earth we were told that the meteorite was stolen
from the museum to alice baby last night and we
we know that Lex is responsible for this then he
says superman through ultrasound
then descends into the dungeons of the metropolis
Direct is waiting to loosen Superman
kryptonite mix his inept assistants
made a long period of ethiopia in
Colorado by next morning
well from colorado to new york metropolis
in two minutes
the child was drawing a radar map
for some reason we are not free
when the hoover dam collapsed
it would make people fall to the ground and
He obviously would not have turned the time at 5
superman brings lecture offices to prison
without trial
and
building saved